0.90.0 2551230.  Astrum automatically loads its most recently edited file. You can prevent this by   holding down the Symbol Shift key as you load Astrum..  You can now convert a file from one line ending to the other from the Tools menu   item which is in the Help menu..  When Astrum loads a file it looks to see what the end of line character should be.   This will be a character CR (13) or LF (10). Astrum then uses this character as   the end of line. Windows computers use a CR followed by a LF to mark the end of a   line and for a while, Astrum has automatically converted files that use CR+LF to   just use CR. Astrum does tell you if it's done this. However, some files seem to   have one ending (CR say) and then have a sprinkling of the other line ending (LF).   This causes problems, so Astrum now, when loading a file, will once it's decided   on a line ending, ensure that all the line endings are that character. It will   tell you if it has done this..A PS/2 mouse can now be used to access the menu system and to change cursor position.   A left click will move the cursor to that position. A right click in the rightmost   or leftmost column will move to a new position in the document based on the position   relative to the top of the screen. Click at the top for the start of the document and   near the end for the bottom of the document. You can also use the mouse wheel to move   the cursor's location up and down the document. By default, this mouse functionality   is turned off. You can turn it on from the Settings menu item in the Help menu.0.80.8 2551118.  Astrum has a line length limit of 256 characters. When editing at the end of lines near   that limit the screen can get messed up. This has been fixed..  The assembler option FULLMAP has been added to ensure all symbols are passed through   to the debugger and calculator.  B, BC, BX and BL debugger commands to set, clear, clear all and list breapoints..  The debugger has grown in size and so there are versions that load at different   locations. The old ones should be deleted.0.80.7.  EXTEND+I looks for the next occurance of the symbol under the cursor. As it is part of   the find code it also invoked the 'Find again' prompt. Unfortunately it failed to find   any more references. This has been fixed.0.80.6 2551101.  An issue pasting text has been fixed0.80.5.  Macro system extended to remove the original 8K macro space limit0.80.4.  Find and find again now prompt if the search should continue.  SLL opcode synonym for SL1.  Block cut and paste bugs squashed.  TRUE VIDEO and INV VIDEO can now start a block mark when EXTEND has been pressed.  Multiple ORGs now supported. Subsequent ORGs will insert zeros until they are reached.  An issue that stopped the file chooser deleting files has been fixed.  The file chooser now allows different drives to be selected via SS D..  When cutting the last few lines of a file Astrum displays an error about a missing line.   This has been fixed.  The option ERRJPJR which shows errors if a JP could be replaced with a JR was erroring   for jump conditions that JR couldn't support. This has been fixed0.80.2 2551010.  Search and replace is much more robust. In addition the zero replacement   size warning has been removed.  Cut and delete operations would result in the cursor moving to the end   of the document. It no longer does this.  Join now moves the cursor to the first line of the joined text. In additional   it handles the case where the text in the joined file uses a different EOL   marker.  Save As now functions correctly when the new file name matches an existing file.  Astrum respects the files directory rather than always defaultin   to its own directory.  Three source files added. These are included in the Zeus for Next release and   have been kindly donated by Simon N Goodwin (https://simon.mooli.org.uk/nextech/z80n/index.html)      fpcodes.asm  Floating point operator codes      nextreg.asm  Next register names      sysvars.asm  Next system variables.  Starting from a fresh install pressing ENTER P UP UP produces 'a mess'. This   has been tidied.  Debugger has new commands:     e xxxx nn  sets the byte at xxxx to nn     ew xxxx nnnn  sets the word at xxxx (and xxxx+1) to nnnn     er rr nnnn  sets the register pair rr to nnnn     i nn  display a read from the Next register nn.  Debugger will now show alternate registers with the r command (and they can be use with er)0.80.1 2550607.  ChangeHistory added.  Some delete block bugs fixed in the editor. These are when the marked   block includes the last line of the text file..  .z80 and .pas file extensions added to list of those editable..  Some code removed at the suggestion of the assembler directive   LIST UNUSED.0.8 2506011630.  Previously the editor would choose a debugger that was nearest but lower   than the ORG of the code to run. However as the code got near to #c000   that made it difficult so it will now choose a high debug location for   these circumstances. Some issue with the debugger have been resolved,   in some situations it would not run at all.0.8 2505301827.  Initial release onto GitHub. The dateformat name for the release is that   which the updater uses